Clarify credential sources (#226)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-tfe: website/docs/index.html.markdown

[Terraform Enterprise API documentation](/docs/cloud/api/index.html)
for more details about access to specific resources.

There are a few ways to provide the required token:

> - The provider can read the TFE_TOKEN environment variable and the token
> stored there to authenticate. Please note that if you are using TFC or TFE
> then you need to set the environment in your workspace, even if you're using the
> `remote` backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting the `TFE_TOKEN` environment variable: The provider can read the 
`TFE_TOKEN` environment variable and the token stored there to authenticate. 
Please note that if you are using Terraform Cloud or Terraform Enterprise, you 
will need to set the `TFE_TOKEN` environment variable in your workspace, even 
if you're using the `remote` backend.
```

> - On the CLI you can use the credentials generated by [`terraform login`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/login.html)
> by setting the value of the environment variable `TERRAFORM_CONFIG` to the location
> of the file created (for example `~/.terraform.d/credentials.tfrc.json` on Linux systems).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using `terraform login` to generate credentials: On the CLI you can use the credentials 
generated by [`terraform login`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/login.html)
by setting the value of the environment variable `TERRAFORM_CONFIG` to the location
of the file created (for example `~/.terraform.d/credentials.tfrc.json` on Linux systems).
```

> - Also on the CLI, omit the `token` argument and set a `credentials` block in your
>   [CLI config file](/docs/commands/cli-config.html#credentials).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting a `credentials` block in your CLI config file: On the CLI you can omit the 
`token` argument from your Terraform config and set a `credentials` block in your 
[CLI config file](/docs/commands/cli-config.html#credentials).
```

> - In a Terraform Enterprise workspace, set `token` in the provider
>   configuration. Use an input variable for the token and mark the corresponding
>   variable in the workspace as sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting the `token` argument in the provider configuration: In a Terraform Cloud or 
Terraform Enterprise workspace you can set `token` in the provider configuration. 
Use an input variable for the token and mark the corresponding variable in the 
workspace as sensitive.
```
